NMS-14131: DCB: UI Documentation (#4544)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/device-config-backup/dcb-requisition.adoc

[[dcb-requisition]]
= Create Requisition for Device Configuration Backup

After you have xref:operation:device-config-backup/ssh.adoc#backup-script[created a backup script for each device type] and xref:operation:device-config-backup/configuration.adoc#poller-config[configured the TFTP port], you can create a requisition for each device whose configuration you want to back up.

To activate the device configuration backup, you must add metadata that defines the device configuration backup script you created for the node's device type, and the device's username and password.

. Log in to OpenNMS and click the gears icon.
. Choose *Provisioning>Manage Provisioning Requisitions*.

> . Click *Add Requisition* and enter a name for the requisition.

Reviewer: Something to this effect to let users know they don't have to start with fresh nodes.
```suggestion
. Click *Add Requisition* and enter a name for the requisition.
If you want to enable device config backup on existing nodes in a requisition, select the desired requisition and edit the node definition.
```

. Click on the edit icon and click *Add Node*.
. Set up your requisition as described in xref:operation:provisioning/getting-started.adoc#requisition-create[Create a requisition].
. Click *Add Meta-Data*, and define the following key-value pairs:
.. dcbusername: username for the device
.. dcbpassword: password for the device
.. script-file: name of the device configuration script for this type of device
. Click *Save* to save the metadata and then *Save* to save the requisition.

[[dcb-backup]]
== Run a device configuration backup

> Since no device configuration back ups will appear in the UI until one runs, we recommend that you run a requisition immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since no device configuration backups will appear in the UI until at least one has been collected, we recommend that you synchronize the requisition immediately.
```

> . Choose the requisition to run, and click *Synchronize*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose the requisition to import, and click *Synchronize*.
```

. Select a scan option and click *Synchronize*.

> Go to *Info>Configuration Management* to view the device configuration backup.

Reviewer: Where is this? On the requisition screen or on the node page?

Author: Main menu. Updated.

To activate the device configuration backup, you must add metadata that defines the device configuration backup script you created for the node's device type, and the device's username and password.

. Log in to OpenNMS and click the gears icon.
. Choose *Provisioning>Manage Provisioning Requisitions*.
. Click *Add Requisition* and enter a name for the requisition.
If you want to enable device config backup on existing nodes in a requisition, select the desired requisition and edit the node definition.
. Click on the edit icon and click *Add Node*.
. Set up your requisition as described in xref:operation:provisioning/getting-started.adoc#requisition-create[Create a requisition].
. Click *Add Meta-Data*, and define the following key-value pairs:
.. `dcbusername`: username for the device
.. `dcbpassword`: password for the device
.. `script-file`: name of the device configuration script for this type of device
. Click *Save* to save the metadata and then *Save* to save the requisition.

[[dcb-backup]]
== Run a device configuration backup

> Since no device configuration backups will appear in the UI until at least one has been collected, we recommend that you synchronize the requisition immediately.

Author: @cgorantla , doesn't the backup occur as part of the synchronization?

> Since no device configuration backups will appear in the UI until at least one has been collected, we recommend that you synchronize the requisition immediately.

Reviewer 2: No, It got changed recently. Now we do backup only at the scheduled time.
But we are providing an option to do manual backup for those devices that are not backed up( in UI with https://issues.opennms.org/browse/NMS-14167).
